---
title: "My Personal Website Created!"
description: "This article is about the creation of my new personal website."
date: "2025-04-28"
path: "/blog/website-created"
---
## Greetings, fellow tech nerds!

My name is LupusCrystal, but you can just call me Crystal. I am a Front End Web Developer, as well as a Programmer.

I have a passion for narrative stories, performant systems, and fun algorithms. My favorite programming languages are Rust and Lua, but I also have experiense in the Crystal programming language.

The purpose of this blog is to share my thoughts about different things that I am interested in.

---

I am fascinated by what people can do when they use their brain to it's fullest power, for example, people who write complex narratives that are like puzzle pieces that stick to each other in your mind as you read them. I really enjoy different stories in different formats, like paper books, ebooks, and visual novels.

I value finantial freedom, as well as privacy, this is why I use [Monero (XMR)](https://getmonero.org) as my primary currency.

I enjoy using Free and Open Source Software, as well as Open Source hardware. What kind of hardware, eh? Cyberdecks of course! Those things are so fun, and I am absolutely obsessed with them!

I use a different variety of tools at my hand to achieve my goals. Ninety Nine percent of them are Open Source.

Speaking of Open Source tools, this Blog is built using Nuxt.js, TailWind CSS and MarkDown! And, it is fully hosted on GitHub Pages, completely free! Fascinating, eh?

---

I also utilize Arch Linux as my primary and only desktop Operating System. It is simply the only distro that does not get in my way, and let me do things myself.

At the moment my primary Intergrated Development Environment is VS Codium, but I am considering switching to NeoVim, and I might publish a future article about it later.

I have some experiense building applications with Iced Rust GUI crate (Library), I find it easy and fun to use, as well as really flexible. I might publish some simple apps that I made with Iced if I feel like it.

My drink of choice is Cherry pop, sometimes just regular water. I do not like alcohol drinks.

---

- Crystal